/software/Anaconda2-4.1.1-el6-x86_64/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/font_manager.py:273: UserWarning: Matplotlib is building the font cache using fc-list. This may take a moment.
  warnings.warn('Matplotlib is building the font cache using fc-list. This may take a moment.')
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
set1.sh: line 7: gmx: command not found
set1.sh: line 11: grompp: command not found
sh: gmx: command not found
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "evolution.py", line 150, in <module>
    sim_value = simulation_value(j)
  File "evolution.py", line 35, in simulation_value
    with open(str(num) + '/energy.xvg', 'r') as f:
IOError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '0/energy.xvg'
